gh-146044: Fix ctrl-w (unix-word-rubout) to use whitespace word boundaries (#146174)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-03-20-00-00-01.gh-issue-146044.WsCtrl.rst

Fix ``unix-word-rubout`` (Ctrl-W) in the REPL to use whitespace-only word

> boundaries, matching bash/readline behavior. Previously it used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
boundaries, matching behavior of the basic REPL. Previously it used
```
